Contributor:Update approval-process-feature-overview.md (#1454)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/approval-process-feature-overview.md

Permissions related to the approval process are configured based on the restrictions applied to a [company role](/docs/scos/user/features/{{site.version}}/company-account-feature-overview/company-user-roles-and-permissions-overview.html). Generally, the approval process is initiated when the cart total exceeds a certain amount set in the *Buy up to grand total* permissions. For example, an employee in a company may have to send their order to the manager for approval if the total order cost is above a certain amount. Only after the manager has received the request and approved the order, the employee can proceed to the checkout.

> {% info_block warningBox "Note" %}

Reviewer: Come up with a name for this note

Author: @andriitserkovnyi Not sure about the title. We can cut out and paste the first sentence:

```suggestion
{% info_block warningBox "Approvers can only approve orders within their own business unit" %}
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% info_block warningBox "Approvals within a business unit" %}
```

Approvers can only approve orders of employees *within their own business unit*.

> If an employee with a *Buy up to grand total* limit in a business unit is without any approvers, at the checkout, the employee can't see any approvers to send their order to and thus can't proceed with their order. Not even if another business unit of the same company does have an approver. And not even if that other business unit is the direct parent of the employee's business unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an employee with a *Buy up to grand total* limit is in a business unit without any approvers, at the checkout, the employee can't see any approvers to send their order to and thus can't proceed with their order. Not even if another business unit of the same company does have an approver. And not even if that other business unit is the direct parent of the employee's business unit.
```

> If there is an employee with a *Buy up to grand total* limit in a business unit that does not have any approvers, then this employee will not see any approvers they could send their order to at the checkout and thus will not be able to proceed with their order. Not even if another business unit of the same company does have an approver, and not even if that other business unit is the direct parent of the employee's business unit.

Author: ```suggestion
If there is an employee with a *Buy up to grand total* limit in a business unit that does not have any approvers, then this employee cannot see any approvers that they send their order to at the checkout and thus cannot proceed with their order. Not even if another business unit of the same company does have an approver and not even if that other business unit is the direct parent of the employee's business unit.
```
